She's been cheesy on me a loyal husband with her assistant. Oh my god
That is why he's walking away from her. Can't begin to imagine how many other men there must be. I can't be with this oil woman
Gonna be forgetting your promise
I'm sorry. I love you. I was doing everything at home waiting here. Look a little dog. Are you guys sleeping around?
So good at making things up Gwen is so sad. I
We've always been cheating on him. Let me know choice not to arrange a force
They get quick as painful numbers a deal
Are you really going to give up on all those years of marriage?
We've really thought this through decide to go down papers now where you all buy a big screen and broadcast
Got to have photos all over the stood
She has Daniel. Why aren't you here yet?